h1. Zehzinho's JQuery Plugins

h2. AutocompleteCombo

This plugin eases the task of creating lists of items. The user must define two fields in the page:

* a text field which will have the autocomplete feature
* the list of items container

The plugin allows the user to define fields which are also appended to the list as the user selects items.

h2. Example

<pre>

1.	$('#fieldId').autocompletecombo({
2.    url: "autocomplete_search_url",
3.    label: 'labelField',
4.    id: 'idField',
5.    target: 'container',
6.    lang: 'en',
7.    fields: [
8.      {
9          fieldId: 'unique_identifier',
10.        isDisplayField: true,
11.        value: 'valueField',
12.        header: 'headerText',
13.        inDisplayCell: true
14.      },
15.     {
16.        fieldId: 'unique_identifier',
17.        type: 'hidden',
18.        name: 'item[#id]'
19.      }
20.		]
21.	});

</pre>

Let's comment the most important lines:

2: the url parameter. The plugin expects a JSON Object from this URL, let's call it "obj".
3: The field which is going to be used as the label for the item.
4. The field which is going to be used as the id for the item.
5. The identifier of the element which is going to hold the list (usually a div).
6. The language. Currently supported: "en" and "pt".
7. The list of fields which will be inserted in the list.
9. Each field must have unique identifier
11. The field in "obj" which will be the value of this field.
12. The list has headers, here we define the text of each field's column header.
17: Current supported types: "hidden", "text" and "label" (default)
18: We can use the "#id" token and the plugin will replace it by the id of the item (line 4)
